[Serve][Doc] Add Application serve examples. (#33164)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/tutorials/object-detection.md

(serve-object-detection-tutorial)=

# Serving Object Detection Model

> In this guide, we will show you how to build an object detection application with Ray Serve.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build an object detection application with Ray Serve.
```

> For this example, we use [ultralytics/yolov5](https://github.com/ultralytics/yolov5) model and FastAPI to build the example. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example uses the [ultralytics/yolov5](https://github.com/ultralytics/yolov5) model and FastAPI. 
```

> For this example, we use [ultralytics/yolov5](https://github.com/ultralytics/yolov5) model and FastAPI to build the example. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example uses the [ultralytics/yolov5](https://github.com/ultralytics/yolov5) model and FastAPI. 
```

Serve Code:
```{literalinclude} ../doc_code/object_detection.py
```

> 

Reviewer: Should we have a Prerequisites section at the top that says that Ray has been installed?

> Save above code to a file e.g. object_detection.py. You can use `serve run object_detection:entrypoint` to start the serve application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `serve run object_detection:entrypoint` to start the serve application.
```

:::{note}

> The autoscaling config is using min_replica = 0, replica will be spawn when the request arrives. When there is no request, Serve Application will downsacle replicas to 0 for saving GPU resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The autoscaling configuration uses min_replica = 0, replica will be spawn when the request arrives. When there is no request, the Serve application downscales replicas to 0 to save GPU resources.
```

:::

> You should see output in the end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These messages are expected in the output.
```

```text
(ServeReplica:ObjectDection pid=4747)   warnings.warn(
(ServeReplica:ObjectDection pid=4747) Downloading: "https://github.com/ultralytics/yolov5/zipball/master" to /home/ray/.cache/torch/hub/master.zip
(ServeReplica:ObjectDection pid=4747) YOLOv5 🚀 2023-3-8 Python-3.9.16 torch-1.13.0+cu116 CUDA:0 (Tesla T4, 15110MiB)
(ServeReplica:ObjectDection pid=4747) 
(ServeReplica:ObjectDection pid=4747) Fusing layers... 
(ServeReplica:ObjectDection pid=4747) YOLOv5s summary: 213 layers, 7225885 parameters, 0 gradients
(ServeReplica:ObjectDection pid=4747) Adding AutoShape... 
2023-03-08 21:10:21,685 SUCC <string>:93 -- Deployed Serve app successfully.
```

> You can use following code to send request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use following code to send requests.
```

Reviewer: Do you use the code to send a single request? Or for any requests?

Author: send a single request

```python
import requests

image_url = "https://ultralytics.com/images/zidane.jpg"
resp = requests.get(f"http://127.0.0.1:8000/detect?image_url={image_url}")

with open("output.jpeg", 'wb') as f:
    f.write(resp.content)
```

> At the end, `output.png` file should be saved locally. Checkout!

Reviewer: I'm not sure I understand this sentence. Are you saying that `In the end, the output.png file is saved locally.`? Or can we just say `The output.png file is saved locally.`?

And by `Checkout!` are you asking readers to `Check it out!`?

(serve-object-detection-tutorial)=

> # Serving Object Detection Model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Serving an Object Detection Model
```

> Build an object detection application with Ray Serve.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This tutorial will show you how to run an object detection application with Ray Serve.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run an object detection application with Ray Serve in this tutorial.
```

Reviewer: I'm suggesting an action-oriented structure to the sentence. If you feel strongly about a declarative sentence, then I suggest: `This tutorial shows how to run an object detection application with Ray Serve.`

> 

Reviewer: ## Prerequisites

> To run this example, you will need to install the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To run this example, you need to install the following:
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run this example, install the following:
```

```bash
pip install "ray[serve]" requests torch
```

> This example uses the [ultralytics/yolov5](https://github.com/ultralytics/yolov5) model and FastAPI. Save the following code to a file named object_detection.py.

Reviewer 2: Can you link FastAPI to their homepage?

> Serve Code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Serve code is as follows:
```

```{literalinclude} ../doc_code/object_detection.py
```

Use `serve run object_detection:entrypoint` to start the serve application.

:::{note}

> The autoscaling config is using min_replica = 0, replica will be spawn when the request arrives. When there is no request, Serve Application will downscale replicas to 0 for saving GPU resource.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The autoscaling config sets `min_replicas` to 0, which means the deployment starts with no `ObjectDetection` replicas. These replicas will spawn only when a request arrives. After a period where no requests arrive, Serve will downscale `ObjectDetection` back to 0 replica to save GPU resources.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The autoscaling config sets `min_replicas` to 0, which means the deployment starts with no `ObjectDetection` replicas. These replicas spawn only when a request arrives. After a period where no requests arrive, Serve downscales `ObjectDetection` back to 0 replica to save GPU resources.
```

> When `min_replica = 0` in the autoscaling configuration, the Serve application spawns a replica when a request arrives. If there are no requests, it downscales replicas to 0 to save GPU resources.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

This sentence is redundant given the previous sentence.

:::

> These messages are expected in the output.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You should see the following logs:
```

```text
(ServeReplica:ObjectDection pid=4747)   warnings.warn(
(ServeReplica:ObjectDection pid=4747) Downloading: "https://github.com/ultralytics/yolov5/zipball/master" to /home/ray/.cache/torch/hub/master.zip
(ServeReplica:ObjectDection pid=4747) YOLOv5 🚀 2023-3-8 Python-3.9.16 torch-1.13.0+cu116 CUDA:0 (Tesla T4, 15110MiB)
(ServeReplica:ObjectDection pid=4747) 
(ServeReplica:ObjectDection pid=4747) Fusing layers... 
(ServeReplica:ObjectDection pid=4747) YOLOv5s summary: 213 layers, 7225885 parameters, 0 gradients
(ServeReplica:ObjectDection pid=4747) Adding AutoShape... 
2023-03-08 21:10:21,685 SUCC <string>:93 -- Deployed Serve app successfully.
```

> Use following code to send requests.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the following code to send requests:
```

```python
import requests

image_url = "https://ultralytics.com/images/zidane.jpg"
resp = requests.get(f"http://127.0.0.1:8000/detect?image_url={image_url}")

with open("output.jpeg", 'wb') as f:
    f.write(resp.content)
```

> The output.png file is saved locally. Check it out!!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The output.png file is saved locally. Check it out!
```
